------------------Onde colocar os CDN servers e pq?--------------------------

Although the CDN brings mostly advantages to clients it has also some drawbacks and disadvantages that still need to be improve.

- Location: 
The CDN servers need to be placed very carefully. It is pointless to utilize a CDN that is a significant distance from users, which will give low performance. 
It is wise to put CDN servers closer to big cities or places with a lot of population.

-  Huge infrastructural cost: 
This problem shows up mostly in the commercial architecture because the expensive financial cost of server renting
due to large distributed infrastructure. Therefore only big companies like Akamai (leading company in this area) 
can afford it. Because of this the fees associated with the service can be really high so it is not finnancially
viable for individual content providers to set up their own server networks.
Also because of the cost there is a need for much reliable, responsible and scalable architecture.

- Content reception: 
In the academic architecture (p2p) the biggest disadvantage is that availability and quality of the content reception
depends on content providers that are volunteers and therefore don't follow a clear set of rules, which makes it hard
to maintenance and support end users.

- Lack of standards: 
As said before, there is not a standard specification of CDN interfaces so the solutions given by network equipment
vendors are usually based on proprietary interfaces and equipment. This makes the choice of one solution risky: the evolution of a 
CDN infrastructure often relies on the chosen CDN solution provider. The compatibility with another solution is rare wich makes it
hard to change provider
This often causes incompability between the existing CDNs which causes lack of mobility.
This problem is already being solved as many big companies are actively contributing to the specification in order to guarantee
that future CDN solutions are compatible with the architecture requirements.

- Other minor drawbacks: customer's response time can be affected by traffic from other clients.comerciais!!!!!! ao contrario nas academicas. mas fica mais lento se o conteudo for pouco
popular.
                         not having direct control of the CDN servers
                         The acess to the content is not a relation client-server, this may cause latency in the content distribution

